source/index.rst, before:

.. Exosite Solutions Guide documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Fri Jul 24 12:44:12 2015.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Guide To Designing An IoT Solution
==================================

This guide is intended to give the user an introduction to building an IoT
solution based on the Exosite cloud.  This guide encompasses getting
data from your physical devices up to the Exosite OnePlatform.  For an introduction
on the front end portion of your solution, please see....

If you are new to Exosite, please see our :doc:`exosite_introduction` document.
It will get you familiar with terms and concepts used in describing/designing
your solution.  Once you are familiar with Exosite please checkout the rest
of our guides



Guides:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   
   provisioning
   gateway_design
   api_usage
   gateway_engine
   



Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

Adding statement about what Portals is

source/index.rst, after:

.. Exosite Solutions Guide documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Fri Jul 24 12:44:12 2015.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Guide To Designing An IoT Solution
==================================

This guide is intended to give the user an introduction to building an IoT
solution based on the Exosite cloud.  This guide encompasses getting
data from your physical devices up to the Exosite OnePlatform.  

Exosite also has an optional frontend component available.  The frontend product
is called Portals.  Further information about Portals can be read at a yet to be
determined place.

If you are new to Exosite, please see our :doc:`exosite_introduction` document.
It will get you familiar with terms and concepts used in describing/designing
your solution.  Once you are familiar with Exosite please checkout the rest
of our guides



Guides:

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   
   provisioning
   gateway_design
   api_usage
   gateway_engine
   



Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
